there's been widespread shock and
international condemnation after Israel
launched an air strike on a hospital in
Gaza killing hundreds of Palestinians
it's the worst single attack since the
start of Israel's assault on the
besieged Strip on the 7th of October
following an incursion by Hamas into
Southern Israel that killed 1300 people
Tuesday's air strike targeted the al-
alhi Baptist Hospital in central Gaza at
least 500 people are confirmed dead and
it's believed thousands of civilians
were inside the hospital at the time of
the attack some were patients whilst
many were seeking Shelter From the
Israeli bombardment earlier in the day
at least six Palestinians were killed in
another attack on a un run School
Dimitri medvedenko has the
latest bodies in the hundreds scattered
across the backyard of a hospital a
scene many have described as a
massacre the result of a deadly air
strike my son that you can see here on
my phone my wife just told me he died he
was sitting with us and all of a sudden
he disappeared hundreds of families were
Sheltering in the territory of the Al
Ali Baptist Hospital displaced people
looking for shelter after their homes
were destroyed in 11 days of non-stop
bombardment we were told the Red Cross
asked the hospital to let the civilians
in which it did and suddenly rockets and
missiles started falling on all the
civilians who were there including women
and children who had their bodies
dismembered no one was
spared hospitals are protected by the
first Geneva Convention it states that
medical personnel and Facilities cannot
be attacked under any
circumstances if they strike a hospital
that means they have no limitations
they've given the green light to execute
all all Palestinians it means they can
shoot us here as
well less than an hour before the air
strike Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu said civilian safety in Gaza
is the responsibility of Hamas they're
committing a double War crime attacking
civilians hiding behind civilians as
human Shields the entire world should
condemn it and should support Israel in
its just War this strike comes just
hours after a un protected school was
hit killing at least six people as
Israel's blockade of Gaza continues its
2.2 million residents remain trapped
with no certain safe place to hide from
Israel's attacks Demitri medeno Al jazer
Mustafa bouti is Secretary General of
the Palestinian national initiative he
says the attack on the hospital is a
deliberate War crime and amounts to
genocide these people have committed
another Massacre against the Palestinian
people yeah but they attack the hospital
I mean this is unaccept not only
unacceptable it's so Savage Nobody Does
that attacking hospitals and attacking a
hospital where people are taking Refuge
from the places they were bombarded by
Israelis and forced to leave out trying
to find some safe passage in the
hospital or near the hospital they this
means there is no safe place for
Palestinians but this is more than that
this massacre in one hit of the Israeli
jet fighters they've killed people
almost the same number of the people who
were killed in Sabra and chatila in that
famous Massacre this is more than the
people who were killed maybe in thein
during the famous massacre in
1948 so we are seeing the same kind of
pattern of committing massacres against
Palestinians trying to ethnically
cleanse them out of gazastrip this is a
genoci side that is committed in front
of the whole world and an attack on a
hospital on a place which should be safe
nobody in Wars even attack hospitals in
any other country in the world these war
criminals are doing it and my beig
question is to the world leaders who are
rushing to Israel one after the other to
the chancellor of Germany to the prime
minister of Britain to Mr Biden the
president of the United States will they
condemn this Israeli Massacre